MACOS - INSTALL NODE WITH NVM

If you have never installed Node before, or you have already installed a version of Node previously without using NVM, follow these instructions.
If you have installed Node before using NVM, and you wish to update to a different version, see below for the MACOS - UPDATE NODE WITH NVM instructions.
For macOS, we recommend the use of a Node version manager tool called NVM to install Node.
Make sure you have followed the steps at the top of this page to set bash as your default shell.
Then enter the following command into your bash terminal: 
touch ~/.bash_profile
Next, enter the following command into your terminal:
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.38.0/install.sh | bash
If you see an error message that "xcode-select: note: no developer tools were found", or "Profile not found", visit the Troubleshooting FAQ.
Close your terminal window. If using the VS Code integrated terminal, you must use the trash can icon to close your terminal, not the "X" symbol.
Open another terminal window and in it, enter the below commands to install and use Node 16.13.2.
nvm install 16.13.2
nvm use 16.13.2


NVM is a package manager for NODE...after doing the above then we can use npm (Node Package Manager) to initialize a javascript application:

We use "npm init" to initialize the package.json and there we add in the scripting to use. To run from CLI, we write in this case: "npm start" and it will open the "main" described in a browser. It's using the lite-server as a web server

Install an NPM Module
You will now install an NPM module, lite-server, that allows you to run a lightweight, Node.js-based development web server and serve up your project files. It is a mock web server to use for testing during development, not a real web server. To install it, enter the command shown below into your VS Code integrated terminal, making sure to be in your git-test folder. (It is intentional that no version number is given for this installation.)
npm install lite-server --save-dev
NOTE: It is intentional that there is no version number given for lite-server. Not using the version number will result in the latest available version being installed, which is what we want in this case. 
NOTE: the --save-dev flag means that lite-server is being installed as a development dependency, which means that later, when you build your project for deployment, it will not be included in the final build files, since it is only needed during development. 
You can check out more documentation on lite-server here.
Next, open package.json in your editor and modify it as shown below.  
{
  "name": "git-test",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "Git and NPM",
  "main": "index.html",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1",
    "start": "npm run lite",
    "lite": "lite-server"
  },
  "repository": {
    "type": "git"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "lite-server": "^2.5.4"
  }
}
